made it a little more clear (#27)
upptime/upptime.js.org: docs/notifications.md

title: Notifications
---

> Using notifications, you can alert your team when an endpoint goes down or experiences degraded performance. To add notifications, you have to add environment variables as **GitHub repository secrets** (*Settings* -> *Secerts* -> *Actions*) and add *Environment variable* as your *Secert name* and *Value* in environment variable as *value* in secerts (see [Creating and storing encrypted secrets](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/actions/reference/encrypted-secrets)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using notifications, you can alert your team when an endpoint goes down or experiences degraded performance. To add notifications, you have to add environment variables as **GitHub repository secrets** (*Settings* -> *Secrets* -> *Actions*) and add *Environment variable* as your *Secret name* and *Value* in environment variable as *value* in secret (see [Creating and storing encrypted secrets](https://docs.github.com/en/free-pro-team@latest/actions/reference/encrypted-secrets)).
```
